Hello and welcome back.
Today we'll be learning to create our very own first table not database but table as you can see how
Microsoft your Server Management Studio loaded up inside of it.
I have my database created and ready to go and let's just go ahead and create a new table because as
you can see we have no tables here just yet.
So let's go ahead create a new query and type in the following create table and then your table name.
In my case it's going to be movies because this table will be all about my favorite ladies.
So after that you open brackets and in the brackets you go ahead and list every single column you want
to create.
So the first column for me logically will be moving in the data type for it.
It's very important to when you type after every single column name and then to put restrictions on
the data type.
So I will say that normally we can be more than 200 characters and put a comma.
Now let's move on to the second column.
That was easy right.
So let's do it again.
This time I will say movie year you can create any table you want to just follow the example.
In our case I want to put it integer because I just want to create a movie that will have four numbers.
Basically the year to me is released not the date data type just the integer.
So next on.
Let's go ahead and create the country of origin.
I will just call it country because I want to avoid making any mistakes for that.
Or rather I want to enable myself to be able to connect this table with any other table through the
column country because countries will never change the country names are the same for any table and
it just good to have a column that you can link to other tables.
So I will say that no country is bigger than 100 letters and move on.
So my last column name will be called hyun and Jenner will be where.
So here is an issue.
Theoretically genere can consist of two of infinity different Genner submariners and that will make
up in that amount of characters.
However if we just leave it empty.
Unlike poetry it will not give it infinite amount it will set the maximum length to one.
So not to this let's put it to a thousand will sacrifice a bit of efficiency just to have that safety
that no matter how many genres the movie has.
It will never fail to satisfy our rules.
So now we can already run this query and create a perfectly normal table.
The only thing I want to change is I want to put a bit more advanced stuff.
So I want to say primary key I want to specify what's the primary key for discussion.
Primary Key is used to uniquely identify this table by a certain amount of columns which will become
primary key.
And in our case we need to specify it to be movie name but not just movie name we need it to be movie
name and movie.
And this is due to the fact that if you think about it a lot of movies shared the same movie named because
it's a reboot.
A sequel that doesn't have any number in it or just the remake but the same movie or under a million
name that has a unique year when it was produced is unique.
It will never be the same for any two movies.
The movie name and movie.
So this guarantees that no matter what the name of the movie or the year it was produced together it
will be able to uniquely to fight this table all the time or elements of this table.
All right.
So this is the settings behind it.
We just write in primary key open brackets inside of it.
We write one or any combination of columns that will make them the primary key and we can create this
table and it will really be very good.
The only thing I want to put is an article of faith and judger.
I always want to feel honor no matter what.
So in case I ever want to see any comedies or dramas or challenges I will always be able to find every
single movie on the list.
So all they have to put in here is not not that every time I try to put a new movie in way of no underspecified
it will give me a mistake saying that please specify your gender.
So now if we go at this you can see that command completed successfully and then periphrasis the table
many will will see our new table here.
So lets go check out the columns.
Inside here we see already something different.
The primary key was assigned and automatically changed to Eichen and the properties of these two columns.
So we have women named primary key which are two hundred.
Now move your primary key integer.
Not now.
Country worker a hundred now and the we're not Sudani column that can be avoided can be white is not
all.
Everything else has to have some value and it some information and then in the case we see the unique
primary key for this table.
And we're complete.
We already created our table.
Congratulations.
It was very easy and very logical.
There's really nothing to be afraid of.
And with time you'll just get more and more used to it.
The only thing I want to go through is the fact that we have a very interesting way of creating tables
in make yourself their skill set management studio.
Just make creaking on the table menu and selecting this right click on the table and so like in table
we can go on and write anything I want.
So again one of the columns I would have written here.
Moving them into data type type and started typing and watch her go to 50.
Change it to 100.
Specify it or it's now or not.
And then the interesting part is I could have went to the column properties and select the more advanced
properties here but this is not needed for this simple table and you might want to use it on your own
time.
You might not.
It depends Solanum.
So let's go ahead.
Closes windows don't save it and just be happy with it we already create it.
I hope you enjoyed this lecture and I'll see you in the next one.